This will be the new config giving overall concepts:

IRC server will run on 25% of all bots.  It will allow other nodes to scan for 6667, and happen to hop on and retrieve
addreses to connect to.  This will ensure resilency without requiring domain names, etc...

The IRC algorithm will search using a specific seed from the date, and scan for 6667 in a particular order..
it will connect to the first 5 it finds, and other hosts can do the same.. This means someone would have to shutdown all 5
and considering the IPs are pretty random.. its nearly impossible.

IRC -> botlink -> IRC will be available as well.. IRC will only be used for finding other nodes..
not for command & control.. that will happen on botlink via encrypted etc

IRC an be used to distribute addresses via botlink -> irc

bots with a particular mission or long term goal may modify their ports, encryption keys, etc
and solely rely on their own network to ensure nobody can modify their instructions

bots will perform telnet brute force for routers/IOT.. and connect to a set of crypto currencies

crypto currency protocols can also be another means of hiding communications in..
particular transfers could be distributed across bot link and saved/logged with other information

DNS attack allows killing any set of hostnames across any BIND server by taking advantage of DDoS flood protection and
using it for its own benefit



this entire platform will become the 'base' so to speak (p2p, networking, etc) for a much larger project
it will find its own exploits, and develop its own custom backdoors, etc
it will generate its own attacks, and find its own logic vulnerabilities in applications, and platforms

before i extend it that far ill add a neural network so a few basic things can take place.. ill generate a 'super node'
platform where bots decide they have enough.. they will separate, and change their encryption keys, and other facotrs
and then begin to build child networks on their own (with the original instructions in mind)

ill create worm opcodes so each set of worms (children, or parent) can have different characteristics, targets, etc
the entire point is to be able to attack a particular country and automatically infiltrate their infrastructure and citizens
while being completely self reliant.. or company rather than country.. or protocols (such as bitcoin, etc)

the irc server will X% of the time connect to another irc server, and bounce
the connection.. this means that scanning solely won't allow detecting the bots
since it'll get redirected to actual irc networks
need to connect & emulate other networks (buildinng a serialized profile)
and allowing the profile to get distributed (w authoriZATION) so every connectioni
doesnt force another to a real network